Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
I'm super excited because we're getting closer to actually training our model.
OK.
So in the previous letter we're able to revive our data set in to extreme an X test using gene test
split.
So were able to have again now all our data is ready for training.
We have extreme ecstasy.
Why try away.
That's that's all what we need.
Okay.
Let's go ahead and treat our model.
So what we're going to do you know going from the esky learn we're going to import a linear regressive.
Okay let's see how can we do this.
Okay.
From scaler in.
Dot linear.
The squid model and and going to import our linear regression.
That's the first step.
So going to import our linear regression class which is again does all the magic for us.
It drums are the least square of the you know magic for us.
And all we need to do just plot our and be values which is our best fit line that best fit the deed.
Okay great.
That's first step.
Let's run that shift entered again ran successfully That's great.
And what we're going to do here we're going to import after we import of the class we're going to end
essentially an object out of our class.
How can we do that.
When I say okay regressors equals two.
Again you can call it whatever you want.
Again huge linear regression n mcginnis say fits underscore intercepts equals to K or 8.
What do you mean by fit into step.
So first.
First of all he said what we have done is that we are we loaded or we imported our class and what we
have done here.
Let's make sure this isn't uppercase.
All you have done here is that we instantiate with an object which is doing a regression and we call
it aggressive.
You can call it whatever you want.
And here we assume that fit into SEP equity.
When we when we say fit into step backwards too that means we're asking the model to simply update for
us not just the slope m but toppin as well.
Our intercept which is valuev if we set fit intercept equals false and then the norm is that going to
the model we're going to be forced to go through the audition which is go to through the 0 which means
if we if we set foot intercept equals to false that means the line will only or the model will only
get to turn the value which is the value only and the B will be a by default.
We're going to be zero.
OK let's go ahead then as you see fit into step backwards.
True.
And our challenge for this lecture is going ask you guys to go ahead and set it to false and see how
can you know what.
Like what changes are going to be made to the model.
All right.
So after We'll pick that aggressive we're going to apply the fit method on our object sort of the sake
of regressors dont fit.
And then he'll we have to pass along our teeling data and testing our training data which is our input
output and so x underscored teen n y and discord T.
So again just to again looks a little bit weird if you guys haven't seen that before.
First we instantiate our our class which has been their aggression.
And then he twisted instantiate an object out of our class and then we assume fit intercept liquids
through.
And that would add to our aggressor and then we used the fit method on our aggressor using the taining
end.
Mainly the input output data or the trailing data for us it.
Let's run this shift into shift into game looks good then say okay fit and set to normalize faults and
once you get that feedback that means that one has been three that set the model has been tweaked.
Let's take a look at our officiants.
Let's take a look at our optimized values which is our.
And be polymers.
All right.
Let's print them out.
So massive say prints say okay linear model fission and we're going to call it m.
So that's I would add a slope simply Actually our slope we're going to be returned in our aggressor
here which is what aggressor's actually going to copy it.
And if we use dot efficient underscore that we're simply going to obtain all our coefficients our slope
it's action on debt so we're latrun it.
And that's pretty much it's always our slope is twenty one point three to our right.
Great.
That's the optimized value that we're in the least square.
Again we haven't seen any leads squared.
We have seen all the residuals calculations of the minimum of some square or these wearing or the or
the optimization that has been done.
All that happened in the background once we'd end the fit message.
Okay.
So don't worry about it now you're ready have the slope of the line.
Let's go ahead and print going to print.
Linear model coefficients and this time I'm going to say that's OUR be value our B value which is our
y intercept that will be our aggressor.
God's going to call it intercept underscored.
All right let's run that.
And that set us back.
Actually our model got efficient.
Our y intercept is intercepting the at 47 here.
Let's actually confirm this if we go up.
If you as a call to our plot our plot here if we take a look here you will see that simply the line
here should be like a linear line.
Right.
So the linear line basically the best line that the media has contributed or pain or the you know the
optimization least square optimization was actually a line that has cotey of the y axis at 45 which
is the line should look like like this in a way.
OK.
Actually going to along the line of the next section going to see what does it look like.
And so again just to recap all we've done so far here we imported our linear regression.
Afterwards we instantiate an object out of our class and then we said the fit intercept equates to to
be able to actually or pime a y value or an intercept value and then we use the fit method on what aggressor's
using the extreme and whity.
And then he would plot of the coefficient of the slope which is M and we were able to plot as well The
Intercept which is the y intercept B or I.
And now I'm going to leave you for a quick challenge.
I'm going to ask you to set the intercept equals the false.
And please let me know run all these lines again and please let me know what's the value of that call
fissions.
And what's the value of our of our interceptors work.
Alright.
Okay.
So please go ahead and pop the video and when you see you after the Pops.
All right.
I hope you guys were able to figure out the challenge.
The challenge was pretty simple.
So what I ask you to do is to go here in sort of true.
Just set it to false.
OK.
Let's run in all the cells again.
That's sunrun done.
Okay.
And let's run.
All right.
That's pretty interesting.
So I think what you guys saw here is the officiant which is the y intercept has been set to zero.
Why.
Because we said fit in step equals supports.
That means you are asking the model to simply obtain the slope okay and force the line to pass through
the audition path through this point zero and zero.
And that's pretty much that's pretty much it.
That's pretty much all what I have for this lecture actually in the next section.
See I can kiss the model and you know visualize the modern kind of plot the best fit line you know the
best line that you're themed along with our data using both fit intercept true and fit intercept equal
efforts.
I hope you guys enjoyed that lecture and see you in the next lecture.